README.md, before:

# bootcamp
A Minimal social networking application using Flask

## Setup

1. **Clone this Repo**

    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/SriNandan33/bootcamp.git 
    ```

2. **Install Python version 3.6 or greater**

	  https://www.python.org/downloads/
		
3. **Create virtual environment and activate  it**

	```
    python3 -m venv venv
	source venv/bin/activate
    ```

4. **Install requirements**

	```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
	
5. **Create .flaskenv file and add required environment variables**
	```
	FLASK_APP=run.py
	FLASK_DEBUG=true
	MAIL_SERVER=smtp.googlemail.com
	MAIL_PORT=587
	MAIL_USE_TLS=1
	MAIL_USERNAME=<your-email-address>
	MAIL_PASSWORD=<your-mail-password>
	SECRET_KEY=<secret-key>
	ADMIN_EMAIL=<your-email-address>

	```
6. **Run the application**

	```
    flask run
    ```

    Now go to http://localhost:5000 to see it live.


# Contributing

There are no contributing guide lines for now. Please browse through the issues, if you find any of them interesting fork this repo, make changes and create PR.

Commit message:

add a note about less secure app access in google account

README.md, after:

# bootcamp
A Minimal social networking application using Flask

## Setup

1. **Clone this Repo**

    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/SriNandan33/bootcamp.git 
    ```

2. **Install Python version 3.6 or greater**

	  https://www.python.org/downloads/
		
3. **Create virtual environment and activate  it**

	```
    python3 -m venv venv
	source venv/bin/activate
    ```

4. **Install requirements**

	```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
	
5. **Create .flaskenv file and add required environment variables**
	```
	FLASK_APP=run.py
	FLASK_DEBUG=true
	MAIL_SERVER=smtp.googlemail.com
	MAIL_PORT=587
	MAIL_USE_TLS=1
	MAIL_USERNAME=<your-email-address>
	MAIL_PASSWORD=<your-mail-password>
	SECRET_KEY=<secret-key>
	ADMIN_EMAIL=<your-email-address>

	```

		Note: I am currently using google smtp servie to send emails ( will be replaced soon). For testing purspose recipient might want to allow less secure apps to send emails to his account (https://myaccount.google.com/lesssecureapps).

6. **Run the application**

	```
    flask run
    ```

    Now go to http://localhost:5000 to see it live.


# Contributing

There are no contributing guide lines for now. Please browse through the issues, if you find any of them interesting fork this repo, make changes and create PR.
